test-mycroft-alarm.mycroftai|wake me up at 7
test-mycroft-alarm.mycroftai|delete all of my alarms
test-mycroft-audio-record.mycroftai|record audio for 10 minutes
test-mycroft-audio-record.mycroftai|cancel recording
test-mycroft-configuration.mycroftai|where am i
test-mycroft-configuration.mycroftai|update consecration
test-mycroft-date-time.mycroftai|what time is it
test-mycroft-hello-world.mycroftai|hello world
test-mycroft-installer.mycroftai|show me and stella blue skittles
test-mycroft-installer.mycroftai|install custom skill
test-mycroft-ip.mycroftai|what is my ip address
test-mycroft-joke.mycroftai|i want to hear a joke
test-mycroft-joke.mycroftai|tell me a joke
test-mycroft-joke.mycroftai|tell me a chuck norris joke
test-mycroft-naptime.mycroftai|go to sleep
test-mycroft-npr-news.mycroftai|what's the news
test-mycroft-pairing.mycroftai|pair my device
test-mycroft-personal.mycroftai|when were you born
test-mycroft-personal.mycroftai|what are you
test-mycroft-playback-control.mycroftai|play previous track
test-mycroft-playback-control.mycroftai|resume playback
test-mycroft-reminder.mycroftai|remind me to wake up tomorrow morning
test-mycroft-reminder.mycroftai|list my reminders
test-mycroft-singing.mycroftai|sing a song
test-mycroft-speak.mycroftai|repeat hydro screwdriver
test-mycroft-speak.mycroftai|say hello world
test-mycroft-spelling.mycroftai|spell the word computer
test-mycroft-spelling.mycroftai|tell me the spelling of computer
test-mycroft-stock.mycroftai|what is the stock price of apple
test-mycroft-stop.mycroftai|stop
test-mycroft-support.mycroftai|i have a problem
test-mycroft-support.mycroftai|contact support
test-mycroft-volume.mycroftai|set volume to 5
test-mycroft-volume.mycroftai|increase volume
test-mycroft-volume.mycroftai|mute speaker
test-mycroft-weather.mycroftai|when is sunset
test-mycroft-weather.mycroftai|what's the weather like in seattle
test-mycroft-wiki.mycroftai|tell me something about obama
test-mycroft-wiki.mycroftai|what does wikipedia say about obama
